README.md, before:

# Gartic-Phonebook
![gartic-promo-lg-github](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180663921-43e635a4-10cb-45b3-bc7a-93f5bda22601.png)
A Chrome extension that sets custom avatars for your Gartic Phone games!
Ideal for streamers, content creators, or for those who want to see their friends' awesome avatars.

# Screenshots
**Extension's popup window**

![screenshot-popup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180619007-f1b17fef-a82a-4a7c-9fa1-1897d7d0e6a0.png)


**Lobby with changed avatars**

![screenshot-players](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180619027-2037d335-8c41-4747-87ed-217f48c05f29.png)


**Results screen with changed avatars**

![screenshot-book](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180663761-fedd26f3-11b3-4ffc-bc7d-a7c246e6b74f.png)


## Install from the Chrome Web Store
(Coming soon!)

## Install as an unpacked extension
1. Go to this repository's [releases tab](https://github.com/TheIcyStar/Gartic-Phonebook/releases)
2. Download the zip file from the latest release (Named `gartic-PB-v1.x.x-unpacked.zip`, NOT the source code!)
3. Extract the folder `gartic-phonebook-1.x.x` from the zip
4. Load the extracted folder into chrome:
    * Access `chrome://extensions/`
    * Enable developer mode
    * Click on `Load unpacked extension`
    * Select the folder that you extracted `gartic-phonebook-1.x.x`

## Build from source:
0. Install the latest version of [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
1. Clone/download the repository from GitHub
2. Open your terminal to the repository's directory
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start`
4. Load the extention into chrome:
    * Access `chrome://extensions/`
    * Enable developer mode
    * Click on `Load unpacked extension`
    * Select the project's `build` folder

Commit message:

Add link to Chrome Web Store

README.md, after:

# Gartic-Phonebook
![gartic-promo-lg-github](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180663921-43e635a4-10cb-45b3-bc7a-93f5bda22601.png)
A Chrome extension that sets custom avatars for your Gartic Phone games!
Ideal for streamers, content creators, or for those who want to see their friends' awesome avatars.

# Screenshots
**Extension's popup window**

![screenshot-popup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180619007-f1b17fef-a82a-4a7c-9fa1-1897d7d0e6a0.png)


**Lobby with changed avatars**

![screenshot-players](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180619027-2037d335-8c41-4747-87ed-217f48c05f29.png)


**Results screen with changed avatars**

![screenshot-book](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13933661/180663761-fedd26f3-11b3-4ffc-bc7d-a7c246e6b74f.png)


## Install from the Chrome Web Store
Check the extension out on the Chrome Web Store [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gartic-phonebook/aaeibnbllijldnmmioleniagkoipglbk)

## Install as an unpacked extension
1. Go to this repository's [releases tab](https://github.com/TheIcyStar/Gartic-Phonebook/releases)
2. Download the zip file from the latest release (Named `gartic-PB-v1.x.x-unpacked.zip`, NOT the source code!)
3. Extract the folder `gartic-phonebook-1.x.x` from the zip
4. Load the extracted folder into chrome:
    * Access `chrome://extensions/`
    * Enable developer mode
    * Click on `Load unpacked extension`
    * Select the folder that you extracted `gartic-phonebook-1.x.x`

## Build from source:
0. Install the latest version of [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
1. Clone/download the repository from GitHub
2. Open your terminal to the repository's directory
2. Run `npm install`
3. Run `npm start`
4. Load the extention into chrome:
    * Access `chrome://extensions/`
    * Enable developer mode
    * Click on `Load unpacked extension`
    * Select the project's `build` folder
